doc: install: updates for bundled SDK/toolchain installation (#24417)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: doc/nrf/installation/install_ncs.rst

            nrfutil sdk-manager search

         The versions from this list correspond to the |NCS| versions and will be *version* in the following step.
      #. Run the following command to install the SDK and the toolchain for the SDK version of your choice:

         .. parsed-literal::
            :class: highlight

            nrfutil sdk-manager install *version*

         For example:

         .. parsed-literal::
            :class: highlight

            nrfutil sdk-manager install |release|

         This example command installs both the SDK code and the toolchain for the |NCS| |release|.
         |install_latest_version|

         The ``sdk-manager`` command installs the SDK by default at :file:`C:/ncs/` on Windows and at :file:`~/ncs/` on Linux, and the toolchain in the :file:`toolchains` subdirectory.
         The SDK installation location can be modified, as explained in the `command documentation <sdk-manager Configuration settings_>`_.

>          On macOS, :file:`/opt/nordic/ncs/` and :file:`/opt/nordic/ncs/toolchains` are used and no other location is allowed.
>          The :file:`ncs` directory will hold all |NCS| repositories.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
         On macOS, :file:`/opt/nordic/ncs/` and :file:`/opt/nordic/ncs/toolchains` are used and no other locations are allowed.
         The :file:`ncs` directory holds all |NCS| repositories.
```

         If you have received a custom URL or a toolchain bundle ID for installing the toolchain, you can use dedicated commands to provide it.
         Expand the section below to see the commands.

         .. toggle::

            If you have received a custom URL for installing the toolchain, you can use the following commands to set it as default, replacing the respective parameters:

            .. parsed-literal::
               :class: highlight

               nrfutil sdk-manager config toolchain-index add *index-name* *custom_toolchain_URL*
               nrfutil sdk-manager config toolchain-index set *index-name*

            If you have received a custom bundle ID for installing a specific toolchain version, you can use the following commands to provide it, replacing the respective parameter:

            .. parsed-literal::
               :class: highlight

               nrfutil sdk-manager toolchain install --toolchain-bundle-id *custom_bundle_ID*

>             To read more about ``sdk-manager`` commands, use the ``nrfutil sdk-manager --help`` command, or see the `command documentation <sdk-manager command_>`_.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
            To learn more about ``sdk-manager`` commands, use the ``nrfutil sdk-manager --help`` command, or see the `command documentation <sdk-manager command_>`_.
```
